real mature what my name is Elsa geek
geek is a great company no I just hope
this I see you're a dick gangster Oh
dick on the gum seven characters wait
pretty impressive her again the soil
that's get the sword it's dangerous to I
know is new here with the leftist what
were no sad stuff for free did you call
me this the old man old man of the
future pretty good news that we got a
boomerang already let's upgraded 12
isn't it hook up basically look at the
screen then in your mind if the screen
or a lot to the last gen the hook it's
it's it's if it's it it's it's dangerous
it's it's it's oh my god reality all
right that was no no this is the matrix
sit down it's it's that it's dan the
Holy Week a fighter
oh yeah maybe it's an octorok thinking
man yeah the are correct oh yeah take
this Negro that Chum I don't wanna have
anything to do with that oh yeah oh
shucks pipe select normal oh we got 66
bombs that's cool use up it's not even
possible and it now stop it impossible
not possible oh we got the restricting
yourself with this possible crap you
would actually do anything except from
any special places or something I don't
want some boxes to get into a dungeon
and at fairies I believe depends on
which line of the the map your uh your
honor Hank shit screen got a shit ton of
bombs here too no music direction so
really helped me on the wrist when you
need a like 30 bombs to kill six star
fuck hey Garber well not like that know
where we can go back to the old guy and
I just want to say too how'd it you lost
an hour ocean other what the fuck all go
why have you turned purple oh very oh
thanks Ella money though I I think this
is some weird metaphor for his
transgenderism or something it turned
into a dark not wrong oh that thing's
gonna kill you if only we could move I
know you paralyzed you're okay take this
literally throws it is listen to the
stream what does that sound again it
seemed worse I feel like at some stage
you're just gonna hear Eric Idle come up
that's how can cause it up dumb Monty
Python's Flying Circus Oh creeping up on
ya oh no it's coming free
then he goes like nope ok fur oh gosh
that says he's digging that link like a
summer riding oh oh ok move again yes I
gave this game a game two kids oh god
Casilla judging by this house yet you're
so dead wow oh wow that was unusual
message at this place is yeah you know
to avoid damaging game info hey guys you
want to take the wrong yeah do it take
the stairs away from the Mogollon
without also work out why the hell you
have conflux in your inventory why not
uh I can make I think that actually
makes sense oh you've taken you've taken
a door in fat fucking jerk p for a fire
out of 40 looks like we can really get
out that much hmm we can corrupt our way
out what's the scorpion oh god it looks
dangerous but yeah just tap fast forward
oh wait maybe we can uh what is all
those eyes cheeks delicious meat your
story oh man that's an upside down red
potion that's just the link why don't we
I think you have the entire sprite sheet
here freezes the game sadly we use
ourselves ah that would give you the
Triforce though what you found link
about that there's nothing right let's
try some more I'll just a graveyard
thing
we are dead and Satan apparently makes a
lot of sense why is her shield upside
down in the items I thought it was like
a graveyard stone everything freezes the
game all right this is reset